All right so you're in a house.
There's people and there's cats in the House who want to return an array of all the values of two of
every possible number of people that could be in the house.
Given that we only know the amount of lakes.
There's no discrepancy discrepancy between how many how many people how many legs are of people.
We just have to come up with the number based off of how many legs there are.
So Each cat has four legs there's no unfortunate accidents with the cats.
And every person has two legs.
Everyone was born with or no unfortunate accident with their legs.
And so we have to figure out OK if there's a total of six legs.
What that means is that there is either three people one person.
Right because there can't be two people and one cat because then that would be eight legs.
That's our objective here.
I don't really have any hints for you.
Actually I'm so sorry.
Take it back.
I use shift and push on here as I was solving this algorithm.
So that was something I did use.
All right so the way I did this was I kept track of an array called people count that I pushed numbers
to or shifted numbers to and at the end of it what I did was I returned that number two while having
a while loop that wall legs were greater than or equal to zero.
We wanted to shift a value to the front that kept track of legs divided by two.
Now we wanted to minus four by legs.
Now this is basically a math algorithm.
At the end the day where you have to figure out all of the all the values in-between for every cat that's
essentially for how many people there can be.
And so we're adding every value every current value of legs that comes in divided by two so that we
can then from there minus four because that's how many human legs have gone missing.
Right that's We now where we're how many catalogs have gone missing and that's really what we're going
in we're going through all the values.
It took me a second to wrap my mind around this a little bit.
So we're going to keep track of what is a number the empty array here and you'll see that I'm going
to at the end here return.
People can.
Now one thing that happened was one of the edge cases where my logic broke was when the legs was greater
than or equal to zero.
And so what I did was I did something here were plague's is equal equal to equal to two.
And then looking back at this I if legs was equal equal to two rather I pushed people count push the
value of two.
Excuse me one because there is only one person at that point.
And then we go ahead and return people count.
And I think we're going to be doing some refactoring right now where instead of pushing this out there's
really no reason to push it.
It's just an extra method that we have.
We can call and said we'll just say we just return an empty array here of 1.
There you go.
I think we need to push.
And I think we're even going to end up eliminating that.
Now I'm looking at my code so well now that 70 for all cases where we have more than two legs is greater
than or equal to zero.
We want to run this loop and on our people count we want to shift legs divided by two.
That's going to return the latest value from our front.
That's going to turn the latest
the latest legs and it's going to return the current count of legs divided by two and it's going to
move it to the front because we're coming from above and not below.
And so the other thing that we need to do is you take legs.
We need decremented right.
There is an R R R R AB right now is it working display thinks it's because we're in an infinite loop.
Our while loop never ends.
So we have to take place soon minus equal four.
And now we get the values here and that's pretty much it.
But let's see if we can find a way to eliminate
eliminate Lagos and this a sign you guys I'm sure can figure out a way.
I just keep coming back to the logic here that we're going to the reason this was here also was that
if minus equals four for every one of these doesn't work for this because I will get negative too.
So
actually it might just remove that that works just fine.
Why did I have this this way.
So sometimes you get overly complicated when you are solving your own logic and causes issues.
I think this might cause issues.
We did this.
Yes.
That might have been what it was when it's for we get zero and two and we just do something like that.
And that doesn't work either.
But yeah this worked for me when I solved it.
So not a perfect solution.
I looking at I think we could do better but it did get the point across.
Did solve the algorithm.